constitute Yun has really answered that
to the solution especially a channel
miss level so any kind of with dive
kicks from you and he was messed up
combos on from you can ultimately result
in his death
especially when tons combos are just a
jabber jabber on a hard punch to get
that damage back unit has to make sure
his tactics are precise to the point so
we're gonna see a lot of that and jokes
that has to be wary of that and
especially stuff like the Hasan shoot if
you let you if you let the other player
get away with the Hassan to itself
you can lose health damages and what's
what's the what's the ideal punishment
sensor the ideal punishment his own
shoes I have a focus and that's forward
or if you are have you are like Reinhard
of the world you can actually alter but
again these these are risks you just
think about during the mid range names
we're gonna see a lot of that play so we
have here see DBS jokester player one
side versus Jia must be really good
against young by the unceasing you can
do some tough to it but it's a mix-up
it's a she's most of the options you
have
forcing Kingston back hard kicks is
controlling the aerial space
I need that keeps on that object and
this is situation so I've got my school
- a lot is sweep and then sweep Chung
breathe in that focus in a second one
sorry dark and punishing accordingly
cross-media monster catches the back
and that's revealed and they get really
good aggressive players power and those
scrambled I'll do it just do it
Wow neutral jump fish ultra would have
done the damage there but that's the
read he would have to make that was not
a great utilize the tündi options so
well one focus +1 one of the few
characters with that China dashboard and
in game space do it doctor Oh combo into
hard shoulder it's a hot lunch he's done
he's done in the end especially in the
turn of main concept he talks about his
defense in the corner yeah we're gonna
see a lot of balance while of has on
shoes in the hair
myself just taking that tiny step
forward making cool stuff EP was gonna
stay grounded the next one's jumping
away in advance and punishing our
manners beautiful playful vamos yeah
he's great he's great Adams little bitch
I'm breakfast Lee those he's so high
level in his sports
he's always figured out the plan B yeah
and no lore players have the ability to
make always Plan B and especially when
you're playing against
against Union having the power to always
think of the of what his second option
would be this right and that's it right
there he's always ready for them you
know about I I it's hard to get in solid
job back in hockey yeah even reaction to
and that's something but that's one of
our master strength soon so to be
manager she first came to foul monster
he now has a game point this is the best
of freedom here mouth take it again the
overhead fire right now using focuses
wow he is really controlling this game
killing still really struggling to adapt
hair to that rush down right now I'm one
thing that you have not been using
mid-range is to crouch medium kick
audience the crash Phoenix possible out
great refine expensive deployment oh
nice tactic
no mr. Chung had momentum example
Knesset bomber to read pocus magic this
time figure to be cured
show soda and lunch it's not that it's
not dead yeah it does have super so you
can react to lots of shoulders on
business - Wow - with punishment would
kill great look at the trip thank you
recognizing the office jumper back
pocket Wow we'll just do it this time he
reads correctly that was a very
important read there but it got that
wrong it would have been around for long
way back very people now to get in
without taking help electron that's
every aunty option in the world chess
but what a Time Lord do we really
chooses their options you know that's
what rubble oh great start to this round
from valve one-stop huge life lead
already again because you look
established accountable game it ranges
out the X comma sex present self -
forward sweet hits in his head
guess that trip gotta go into the corner
again he comes back and he's cornered
oh my word Wow jump forward jump forward
hard kicks to seal the deal and vow
master takes it just so solid in his
defense in the way he protects every
angle of his yeah of his hip of his hurt
box just impressive really controlled
killings every decision there and now
it's that time that sad and a version or
tonight